Heart of Gold Gravel




PARTNERSHomeFESTIVALVolunteerCauseDONATERESULTS2023ROSTERPhotosREGISTERVolunteerMORE INFOGala dinnerVIP ExperienceRide RulesBike ShippingOfficial merchandiseContactCharityREGISTEROCT 52024Nevada City, CaliforniaREGISTERJOIN OUR EMAIL LISTOCT 5, 2024, 8:00:00 AM PDT0days0hours0minutes0secondsUntil Heart of Gold
2024 RESULTSMEDIUM SEGMENTLONG SEGMENTSo Much Gravel...Heart of Gold Gravel features a course with an overwhelming % on dirt. Definitely gravel, not "groad". The event was created with the impetus of youth mental wellness, and the effort to bring people together for that cause in Nevada County. This October 5th, we ride from Nevada City's Rood Center over two course options ranging from 36 - 70 miles. Each route features ample climbing and lots and lots of amazing dirt. This region is one of California's hidden gems. For a good cause, and on a great course, there's no good reason to miss out on Heart of Gold Gravel.Schedule of EventsEverything will be happening at the Rood Center - 950 Maidu Avenue in Nevada City6:45 - 7:50 am: Packet Pickup under the Bike Monkey tentComplimentary coffee available, but no breakfast options on site.7:50 am: Important announcements at the Start Line8:00 am: Mass start - both routes11:00 am: Rider meal available at the participating food trucks12:00 - 4:00 pm: Public FestivalFood, Drinks, Live Music, Kids Activities, Bike Wash & More!3:30 pm: Podium (time subject to change)Race 1 Segment!A single segment will be in effect for the 2024 edition of Heart of Gold.Changing our approach to a challenging course can make the difference between misery and joy. While this race is tough, it doesn't have to be anything short of memorable. We reach into some of the least ridden places of California's Sierra foothills with our routes. In 2022 you raced the entire thing. This year you will race one segment.Long route25 Mile Segment:‍Starting at Mile 7, at the Yuba River you begin a massive climb that ultimately finishes in Graniteville at mile 32. In its entirety, this racing portion of Heart of Gold adds up to a 25 mile race. It is the only segment. You may "enjoy" the rest of your ride with your friends.4 aid stations + 1 water stopMile 12.6Mile 24.1 (water only - mid segment)Mile 32,Mile 43.2Mile 57.2All aid stations will have plenty of water, hydration mix, and basic nutrition items such as bananas, chips, cookies, peanut M&Ms, fig bars, etc.Medium route13 Mile Segment:This segment shares the same starting location as that of the long route for its timed segment, but you don't go all the way to Graniteville. This segment ends at mile 20, amounting to a total of 13 racing miles. whereas the long course racers continue past it and keep racing.2 aid stationsMile 12.6Mile 26,Both aid stations will have plenty of water, hydration mix, and basic nutrition items such as bananas, chips, cookies, peanut M&Ms, fig bars, etc.‍100% Of proceeds support teenmental wellness in Nevada County.Be informed!Click the button below, and complete the form to be added to our mailing list. You will receive information about the Heart of Gold Gravel race in Nevada City, California.Join our mailing listThis event is a Bike Monkey production.Website copyright Bike Monkey Inc.We value your privacy, and enforce fairness.Click here to read our policies.The event is a charitable production supporting numerous organizations that promote teen mental wellness. The fiscal sponsor of this production is Bright Futures For Youth. Their 501(c)3 tax ID is 68-0262000.Contact UsGeneral info, media and partnerships:info@bikemonkey.net