Rebecca's Private Idaho

HomeDISPATCHESROSTERVolunteerMORE INFOExpo Vendors & Event PartnersAPPAREL & GEARBe Good FoundationThe QSR Race StagesVolunteeringLodging and TravelSchedule of EventsEvent ParkingCategories & AwardsFrequently Asked QuestionsRace ResultsFUNDRAISESTORERIDER GUIDEREGISTERAUG 28 - AUG 312025Sun Valley, IdahoREGISTERSave with a group buy!Read our latest dispatches!Book your StayJOIN OUR MAILING LIST264days1hours6minutes49secondsuntil Rebecca's Private IdahoRebecca's Private Idaho Sun Valley gratefully takes place on National Forest Land, including the Lost River Ranger District of the Salmon-Challis National Forest, Sawtooth National Recreation Area, and Ketchum Ranger Districts of the Sawtooth National Forest, all of which are ancestral lands of the Shoshone-Bannock Tribe. THE MOST BEAUTIFUL GRAVEL RACE IN AMERICASince Rebecca Rusch first launched RPI, it has become a bucket-list event for professional and amateur riders, alike. Rated a Top Five Gravel Event by Global Cycling Network and one of the 25 Best Bike Rides in the World by Outside Magazine, RPI has been staged every Labor Day weekend since 2013 in Rebecca's hometown and surrounding backcountry of Sun Valley and Ketchum, Idaho. It delivers a challenge in the middle of America's rugged, and ancient Rocky Mountains.‍4 days3 stagesa-la-carteParticipants can register to compete on 1, 2 or 3 distinctly unique "stages" that each take place on different days. Register for all three stages by selecting the QSR option to be ranked in our overall multi-day Queen Stage Race.**QSR competitors are required to race the 102.6 Mile Baked Potato route on Sunday.Check out our vendors!ThursdayDAY 1: Harriman TrailDay 1: Harriman TrailThursday35 Mi | 3,505'A mix of technical single and double track trails in the valley floor beneath the towering Boulder Mountains. The day finishes with a fun, outdoor podium presentation back in Ketchum.HARRIMAN STRAVA | GPXDay 2: Dollarhide Summit Time TrialFriday50 Mi | 3,057'Our Dollarhide Summit day features a short, 4.5 mile hill climb timed segment within a bigger 50 mile ride from Ketchum and back. Dollarhide features a stunning ride through the Warm Springs Creek river basin on the approach to Dollarhide Summit. It's a super casual roll at your own pace until you reach mile 20 where we all line up and start in 30 second intervals for our own personal race of truth. After we're done, many of us gather at the optional Frenchman's Hot Springs for a dip in the water as we celebrate another day in the books.DOLLARHIDE STRAVA | GPXFridayDAY 2: DollarhideSaturdayDAY 3: Rest DayDay 3: EXPO + REST DAY + Be Good RideSaturdayThis is our rest day before the biggest day of them all. Our vendor expo takes place at Atkinson Park in Ketchum, Idaho.Expect some new shenanigans this year in the form of Idaho's first ever Potato Olympics, and Skills Competition with LIV and Giant!‍Be Good Ride 7:30AMExpo from 10AM - 5PMBE GOOD STRAVA | GPXSUNDAYDay 4: Main EventDay 4: THE MAIN EVENTSUNDAYIt's the main event of Rebecca's Private Idaho. In the days leading up to Sunday, there may be a couple hundred participants competing in our multi-day QSR. But on Sunday, we crack 1,000 people on gravel bikes in Sun Valley, Idaho. It is this large scale gravel race day that Rebecca's Private Idaho was created with, and the grand finale to our weekend together. Sunday features three different route distances to choose from:Tater Tot18.9 Mi | 1,255'Satisfy your appetite with a side of Tater Tots! Coming in at just under 20 miles, the Tater Tot features the same professional experience as the Baked Potato and French Fry routes in a snack-sized format. Tater Tot riders will enjoy a 50/50 mix of terrain, sandwiching the nice, swoopy gravel and gentle climbs of the classic Corral Creek Road between a smooth pavement start and finish, the perfect introduction to gravel riding!STRAVA | GPXFrench Fry56 Mi | 3,716'The Goldilocks course: not too short, not too long, but juuust right for those seeking jaw-dropping views and remoteness. You’ll still earn the bragging rights of the burly Trail Creek Summit climb and cover much of the same terrain (yep, washboards and headwinds, too) as your Baked Potato brothers and sisters without the full commitment.STRAVA | GPXBaked Potato102.9 Mi | 6,228'The Baked Potato includes the challenging Trail Creek Summit climb before descending into the Big Lost River Basin. Riders loop through Wildhorse Canyon and Copper Basin, surrounded by scenic mountain ranges. Most participants then tackle 'El Diablito,' a five-mile diversion, before descending Trail Creek Summit back to Sun Valley. Riders must complete the course within cutoff times to be scored for the Queen's Stage Race.STRAVA | GPXOfficial participant photographer of RPI!Our official on-course photographers will be working hard to capture each and every one of you who tackle Rebecca's Private Idaho on Sunday. After the race, be sure to check out Smiley's Mountain Photo for your glamour shots!You ride with a helmet.You should also ride with BLISTER+Let's face it, we take risks. As outdoor enthusiasts, it's unlikely that we're bound to a single sport, and each of them brings with it the potential for getting injured. In many cases, that can lead to costly, impactful medical bills. That's where BLISTER+ comes in. For $395 per year, you can rest assured that you'll have help when you need it. BLISTER+ Members enjoy a $0 deductible $25,000 per incident coverage benefit for a wide range of outdoor adventure activities.Let BLISTER+ be your second line of protection!Click here to learn more.Bask in the Limelight!Limelight is RPI's host hotel. Right in the heart of Ketchum, Idaho it is the place where our event begins on Wednesday with our rider meeting and packet pickup activities before Stage 1 the next day. It is also where we kick off the start to Dollarhide Stage 2 on Friday.Limelight offers a host of amenities you'll want to take advantage of, including secure bike parking, beautiful accommodations and proximity to everything Ketchum has to offer: shopping, dining, access to the outdoors, and incredible views.Save up to 25% off Limelight Hotel's nightly room rate by booking as part of your visit to RPI!Click here to learn more.Rebecca's Private Idaho is the champion event supporting the Be Good™ FoundationOur charitable efforts support the Be Good™ Foundation which removes financial barriers and provides more access to cycling opportunities for individuals from underrepresented communities: women, military veterans, para cyclists, BIPOC, and LGTBQ+ individuals.Gravel For GoodAll Rebecca’s Private Idaho riders pedal with a purpose, supporting the Be Good™ Foundation, which operates with the mission of enriching communities by using the bicycle as a catalyst for healing, empowerment, and evolution. Proceeds from various aspects of RPI will be used by the Foundation to support global, national, and local nonprofit organizations that use the bicycle to improve health and overall well-being, connect communities, boost local economies, and protect our planet. At Rebecca's Private Idaho we #GravelForGood!Donate to Be Good | Join the Be Good Party at RPI‍Become the master of your RPI experienceThe Rusch Academy Mastering Rebecca's Private Idaho online course will teach you how to set up your gravel bike for this specific event, what to eat and wear and even pacing recommendations. Prepare yourself for Rebecca's Private Idaho like never before! learn moreRPI BaseCamp: Train with Rebecca for RPI!Do you want to have your BEST Rebecca’s Private Idaho results ever?  Join Rebecca Rusch and her team of experts for 360-degree, fully-coached training program that will prepare you for riding the grueling RPI gravel event.  This eight-week program is designed by her coach Tim Cusick and customized to you based on your training availability, training maturity and RPI event goals. Train along with Rebecca and the BaseCamp community of athletes, learn about nutrition, race strategy, preparedness, and lots more.  Training starts July 3, 2024, and goes through September 1. ‍Get Started ToDAYRebecca's Private Idaho is brought to you by:Stay InformedUse this form to join our mailing list so you don't miss a beat!Click here to join our EMAIL listRead our latest dispatches!You might also want to try:










Rebecca's Private Idaho is a Bike Monkey production.Website copyright Bike Monkey Inc.We value your privacy, and enforce fairness.Click here to read our policies.Rebecca's Private Idaho Sun Valley gratefully takes place on National Forest Land, including the Lost River Ranger District of the Salmon-Challis National Forest, Sawtooth National Recreation Area, and Ketchum Ranger Districts of the Sawtooth National Forest, all of which are historic native land of the Shoshone-Bannock Tribe. Contact UsGeneral info, media and partnerships:info@bikemonkey.net 
